“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” 

— Zig Ziglar
“You are what you do, not what you say you do.” 

— Carl Jung
“Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.”

— Peter Marshall
“The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” 

— William Faulkner
“Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that. The really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great.” 

— Mark Twain
“You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.”

— Louisa Adams
“People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.”

— Lewis Cass
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” 

— Confucius
“Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.” 

— Pablo Picasso

“If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you’ll never get it done.” 

— Bruce Lee
“Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.” 

— Doug Firebaugh
“The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs… one step at a time.” 

— Joe Girard
“I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done.” 

— Lucille Ball
“A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” 

— Lao Tzu
“A year from now you will wish you had started today.” 

— Unknown
“Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.”  

— Unknown
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.” 

— Albert Einstein
“The beginning is always today.”

— Mary Shelley
“Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many — not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.”

— Charles Dickens
“Be happy in the moment, that’s enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.”

— Mother Teresa
“Spending today complaining about yesterday won’t make tomorrow any better.” 

— Unknown 
“However vast the darkness, we must supply it with our own light.” 

— Stanley Kubrick
“When eating fruit, remember the one who planted the tree.”

— Vietnamese Proverb 
“I was complaining that I had no shoes till I met a man who had no feet.” 

— Confucius 
“Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.” 

— Robert Brault
“Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. ”

— Confucius
“This is a wonderful day. I have never seen this one before.” 

— Maya Angelou
“It’s actually cool to be positive and optimistic and idealistic. It’s cool to see yourself doing beautiful, great things.” 

— Tom DeLonge
“The last of the human freedoms is to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances.” 

— Victor Frankl
“If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. Don’t complain.” 

— Maya Angelou
“Almost every successful person begins with two beliefs: the future can be better than the present, and I have the power to make it so.”

— David Brooks
“If you believe it will work out, you will see opportunities. If you believe it won’t, you will see obstacles.” 

— Wayne Dyer
“Create the highest, grandest vision possible for your life, because you become what you believe.” 

— Oprah Winfrey
“One day or day one. You decide.”

— Unknown
“Never make a permanent decision based on a temporary storm. No matter how raging the billows are today, remind yourself, ‘This too shall pass’!”

— T.D. Jakes
“Decision is the ultimate power. Decisions shape destiny.”

— Tony Robbins
“The only workout you’ll regret is the one that didn’t happen.” 

— Unknown
“What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.”

— Henry David Thoreau
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.”

— Aristotle
“People with goals succeed because they know where they’re going.”

— Earl Nightingale
“You have to have the bad days to appreciate the good ones.” 

— Unknown
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.”

— Winston Churchill
“If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.”

— Wayne Dyer
“Every day above earth is a good day.”

— Ernest Hemingway
“Be happy with what you have while working for what you want.” 

— Helen Keller
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” 

— Helen Keller
“Don't cry because it's over; smile because it happened.” 

— Dr. Seuss
“Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have.”

— Buddha
“Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.”

— Buddha
“Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.”

— Buddha
“Teach this triple truth to all: A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity.”

— Buddha
“Nothing is permanent.”

— Buddha
“Set your heart on doing good. Do it over and over again and you will be filled with joy.”

— Buddha
“Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.”

— Buddha
“Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.”

— Buddha
“Happiness consists more in small conveniences or pleasures that occur every day, than in great pieces of good fortune that happen but seldom to a man in the course of his life.” 

— Benjamin Franklin
“There is no path to happiness; happiness is the path.” 

— Buddha 
“A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships.”

— Helen Keller 
“Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.”

— Buddha
“We all smile in the same language.” 

— Unknown
“Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.” 

— Mother Teresa
“You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated.” 

— Maya Angelou

“Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors.” 

— African Proverb

“If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn’t lead anywhere.” 

— Unknown 
“Nobody’s going to win all the time. On the highway of life you can’t always be in the fast lane.” 

— Haruki Murakami

“The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory.” 

— Les Brown
“Only in the darkness can you see the stars.”

— Martin Luther King Jr.
“In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life. It goes on.” 

— Robert Frost 
“The best way out is through.”

— Robert Frost